Document new parameter `min_ipv6_addr_count` and sub sensors for wifi_info and ethernet_info (#3234)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/text_sensor/ethernet_info.rst

      - platform: ethernet_info
        ip_address:
          name: ESP IP Address
          address_0:
            name: ESP IP Address 0
          address_1:
            name: ESP IP Address 1
          address_2:
            name: ESP IP Address 2
          address_3:
            name: ESP IP Address 3
          address_4:
            name: ESP IP Address 4

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **ip_address** (*Optional*): Expose the IP Address of the ESP as a text sensor. All options from
  :ref:`Text Sensor <config-text_sensor>`.

> - **address_0-address_4** (*Optional*): With IPv6 and dual stack the device get's at least two ip addresses, often more. To report all addresses the config could have up to 5 sub sensor to ip_address. All options from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **address_0-address_4** (*Optional*): With dual stack (IPv4 and IPv6) the device will have at least two IP addresses -- often more. To report all addresses the configuration may have up to five sub-sensors. All options from
```
